Makes 14

Ingredients:
  Pasty:
    937.5g flour
    225g suet
    1.875tsp salt
    46.875g butter
    328.12ml water
  Filling:
    612.5g beef
    612.5g potatoes
    350g swede
    306.25g onions

Method:
Tip the flour into a bowl and ad the shortening, a pinch of salt, the margerine/butter and all of the water.
I mixed all the dry ingredients together before adding the wet and did it in 2 batches, you may also require more water or wish to make more dough as the recipe originally makes 7 large so the filling can sometimes be too much.

Use a spoon to gently combin the ingredients.
Then use your hands to crush everything togeter, bringing the ingredients together as a fairly dry dough.

Knead the dough to combin the ingredients properly.
Use the heel of you hand to stretch the dough.
Roll it back up into a ball, then turn it, stretch and roll it up again.
Repeat this process for about 5-6 minutes.
The dough will start to become smooth as the shortening breaks down.
If the dough feels grainy, keep working it - you'll need to use lots of pressure and work the dough vigorously to get the best results.

When the dough is smooth,wrap it in cling film and put it in the fridge to res for 30-60 minutes.

While the dough is resitng, peel and cut the potato, swede and onion into about 1 cm/½inch square.
Cut the beefe into similar sized chunks.
Put all 4 ingredients into a bowl and mix.
Season well with salt and some freshly ground black pepper, then put filling to one side until dough is ready.
You can leave out the meat when mixing if you want to make sure it is evenly distrubuted but remeber to season it as well.
Season everything to your liking.

Lightly grease a baking tray with margarine/butter and line with baking or silicone paper (not greasproof).
Dusting with flour also worked for us.

Preheat the oven to 170°C (150°C fan assisted)/325°F/Gas 3.

Once the dough has had time to relax, take it out of the fridge.
The margerine/butter will have chilled, giving you a tight dough.
Divide the dough into 14 equal parts altogether.
Shape each part into a ball and use a rolling pin to roll each ball into a disc.

Spoon 1/14 of the filling onto one half of the disc, leaving the other half clear.
Put a knop of butter/margerine on top of the filling.

Carfully fold the pastry over, join the edges and push with your fingers to seal.
Crimp the edge to make sure the filling is held inside - either by using a fork, making small twists along the sealed edge or as demonstrated in the video by Paul Hollywood.
Traditionally Cornish pasties have around 20 crimps.
When you've crimped along the edge, fold the end corners underneath.

Put the pasties onto the baking tray and brush the top of each pasty with egg wash.
Bak on the middle shelf of the oven for about 45 minutes or until the pasties are golden-brown.
If your pasties aren't browning, increase the oven termperature by 10°C/25°F for the last 10 minutes of cooking time

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/classic_cornish_pasty_67037
