Ingredints:
  200g jam (filling)
   2 tbsp butter
   2 tbsp oil
   160g (½cup) condensed milk
   40g (¼cup) powdered (or caster) sugar
   icing (or powdered) sugar (for sprinkling)
   1 cup cake flour
   1 tsp baking powder
   1 tsp baking soda
   ½ cup milk
   little vinegar (or lemon juice)
   little vanilla essence
   sugar
   water

   10 inches by 15 inches baking tray

Mix jam until soft, smooth and spreadable and set aside.
Mix butter, oil (you can use only butter or oil) and condensed milk together in a bowl until well combined.
Mix sugar into the milk mixture.
Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda for your dry mixture.
Combine milk vinegar and vanilla essence for your wet mixture and set aside for 10 mins.

Preheat oven to 180°C.
Place the baking paper in your tray.

Add half of your wet mixture to your milk mixture and mix.
Add all your dry mixture and mix.
Add your remaining wet mixture and mix until smooth.
Place your batter into your tray and spread evenly.
Gently tap (drop from a short distance) the tray around 10-15 times to remove air bubbles and help smoothen.
Once ready place inside the oven for around 5 mins.

While you are waiting make a simple sugar syrp by mixing 1 part sugar with ten parts water.

Check with a toothpick.
If it comes out clean, the cake is baked.
If not, leave it for another couple minutes.

Sprinkle the cake with icing sugar to prevent it from sticking.
Place baking paper on top of the cake a little wider than the tin and roughly twice as long.
Make sure the excess length is all on one side and not evenly divided over both.
Turn the pan over and remove it along with the baking paper stuck to the bottom of the cake.
Cut the edges of the cake by about 1 cm, these tend to be slightly overbaked so cutting them prevents cracks when rolling.
Sprinkle some of your simple sugar syrp on the underside of the cake.
Spread your smoothened jam onto the cake.
Gently roll the cake off the baking paper.
Once you have rolled the cake, flip it and roll the baking paper around it.
Place in the freezer for 1 hour.

After it has been in the freezer for an hour you can cut it into slices.
Best served chilled.

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXKKWspnX90&t=11s
